[KOGITO-4889] - Proposal: spliting integration and unit tests (#1204)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Build

* Clone the repository, navigate to the directory, invoke `./mvnw clean install -Dquickly` from the root directory.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes.git
cd kogito-runtimes
./mvnw clean install -Dquickly
# Wait... success!
```

This build skipped all the plugins and just go straight to build and install phases.

> By removing the flags, you will run the unit and integration tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By removing the `quickly` property, you will run the whole unit and integration tests. 
```
